Add legends to XY charts (#7724)
mermaid-js/mermaid: .changeset/xychart-legends.md

---
'mermaid': minor
---

> feat: add legends for named XY chart line and bar series

Reviewer: **nitpick**: This makes it just a little bit easier to parse the `CHANGELOG.md` file and release notes for changes, if you only care about some diagram type.

```suggestion
feat(xyChart): add legends for named line and bar series
```

Author: Updated the changeset title to `feat(xyChart): add legends for named line and bar series`.

> feat: add legends for named XY chart line and bar series

Reviewer: **suggestion**: I think making `showLegend` default to `true` is okay for this feature. Most people would probably be happy to see this, and it's not going to significantly negatively affect this XY charts for other users.

But, just in case, can you add a short line here that explains how to disable it for users that do want to disable it?

Author: Added a short note to the changeset explaining that named-plot legends are enabled by default and can be disabled with `xyChart.showLegend: false`.
